[IBM Cloud] Multi-user Piplines on IBM Cloud (#2073)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/ibm/pipelines.md

+++

> title = "Pipelines on IBM Cloud Kubernetes"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title = "Pipelines on IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service (IKS)"
```

> description = "Instructions for using Kubeflow Pipelines on IBM Cloud Kubernetes"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description = "Instructions for using Kubeflow Pipelines on IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service (IKS)"
```

weight = 50
+++

> ## Authenticating Pipelines with the SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Authenticating Kubeflow Pipelines with the SDK
```

**Notes**:
* Python package `kfp` v1.0.0 is required.
* This feature is available with multi-user, auth-enabled Kubeflow installation deployed from the manifest [https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubeflow/manifests/v1.1-branch/kfdef/kfctl_ibm_dex_multi_user.v1.1.0.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubeflow/manifests/v1.1-branch/kfdef/kfctl_ibm_dex_multi_user.v1.1.0.yaml).

> * Since it transports sensitive info like session cookie value over edge network, it highly recommends enabling HTTPS for the public endpoint of Kubeflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Since it transports sensitive information like session cookie value over edge network, we highly recommend enabling HTTPS for the public endpoint of Kubeflow.
```

> It requires authentication via the public endpoint of Kubeflow deployment when using the Kubeflow Pipelines multi-user feature with Pipelines SDK. It will need to provide below variables no matter from an in-cluster Jupyter notebook or remote machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It requires authentication via the public endpoint of Kubeflow deployment when using the Kubeflow Pipelines multi-user feature with Pipelines SDK. Below variables need to be provided, no matter coming from an in-cluster Jupyter notebook or a remote machine:
```

1. `KUBEFLOW_PUBLIC_ENDPOINT_URL` - Kubeflow public endpoint URL. You can obtain it from command `ibmcloud ks nlb-dns ls --cluster <your-cluster-name>`.

> 1. `SESSION_COOKIE` - A session cookie starts with `authservice_session=`. You can obtain it from your browser after authenticated from Kubeflow UI.

Reviewer 2: Although this is a limitation for DEX and KFP, maybe add a note the session will timeout after certain timeframe. Otherwise it looks good to me.

1. `KUBEFLOW_PROFILE_NAME` - Your Kubeflow profile name

Once you obtain above information, it can use the following Python code to list all your Piplines experiments:
```Python
import kfp

KUBEFLOW_PUBLIC_ENDPOINT_URL = 'https://xxxx.<region-name>.containers.appdomain.cloud'
# this session cookie looks like "authservice_session=xxxxxxx"
SESSION_COOKIE = 'authservice_session=xxxxxxx'
KUBEFLOW_PROFILE_NAME = '<your-profile-name>'

client = kfp.Client(
    host=f'{KUBEFLOW_PUBLIC_ENDPOINT_URL}/pipeline',
    cookies=SESSION_COOKIE
)

experiments = client.list_experiments(namespace=KUBEFLOW_PROFILE_NAME)
```

> Piplines components like experiments and runs are isolated by Kubeflow profiles. A kubeflow user can only see Pipelines experiments and runs belongs to this user's Kubeflow profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pipelines components like experiments and runs are isolated by Kubeflow profiles. A Kubeflow user can only see Pipelines experiments and runs belonging to this user's Kubeflow profile.
```
